Miss, you go ahead,
Let's go first. light snow,
What's wrong. Why didn't you tell me earlier if you had such a background?
My dad just came back, so I don’t know.
Interesting, I did something wrong before,
Can you forgive me? That's all,
What's your name? I asked you to go first.
You are the eldest young master of Huaxing Shanggui,
Just like our Xiaoxue,
No, no, no, no, no, no, you like our Xiaoxue,
That is the honorary star of our family.
That little snow,
What do you mean?
I ignore you,
This kid, if you have no objection,
We can't find it,
It's settled today
no no no no
Let's settle the matter today
It's just too fast
It's not done yet
What are you prepared for?
Did I make an appointment before?
There's something else
Evening room Evening room